here's the harsh reality you're just not
good enough yet as brian tracy said your
true success in life begins only when
you make the commitment to become
excellent at what you do this is the gap
that I see in most people's lives
they've not yet made the commitment to
become extraordinary and the reason that
they haven't made that commitment yet is
they don't believe that they can they're
afraid of what it might take to get
there they just don't want it enough
that's the reality most people don't
want it enough to face all of that they
don't want to face their inadequacies
they don't want to accept that they're
gonna have to go through that process
that gut wrenching back-breaking process
of becoming great and every day lulls
them into this sense that there's always
time to do it tomorrow but the reality
is there is only now
there is only today and if you really
want to do something with your life that
leaves your own jaw on the floor that
leaves you in awe of what you've done
you're going to have to admit you're not
yet good enough you've got to put in
that work that you've got to develop a
set of skills that simply can't be
denied but if you do that on the other
side of getting that good at falling in
love with something and working so hard
that you can feel yourself changing as a
human being on the other side of that is
something unimaginably beautiful and as
Les Brown said if you set goals and go
after them with all the determination
you can muster your gifts will take you
places that will amaze you that's what I
want in
my life and I hope that's what you want
in yours is to be amazed to be amazed at
how extraordinary this life really is
this opportunity to make of yourself
anything you want to be really think
about that for a second you can become
anything you want to become you can
become an astronaut a world-class
athlete a musician the best parent that
this world has ever seen anything you
want is yours for the taking but it
takes effort it takes a willingness to
stare naked Liat your inadequacies it
takes a willingness to really gut check
yourself about where you are today and
it doesn't mean that you can't go and be
something better tomorrow and falling in
love with that process that knowing to
being a human and really getting the
most out of your potential is that to
know that tomorrow I can be better than
I am today and that doesn't make you a
bad person today it's okay to know that
you can be better tomorrow and still
love yourself today but it's also okay
to love yourself today and demand that
you get better tomorrow and once you can
do that there is literally nowhere you
can't go
[Music]
you